README.md, before:

# dirkkelly.com

## Goals

I want to learn Hugo better so I am creating my own theme using the Bootstrap 4 framework

- [x] Bootstrap 4
  - [x] Responsive
  - [x] Custom Theme CSS
- [ ] Multiple Layouts
  - [ ] Home
  - [ ] Articles
  - [ ] "Explore"
- [x] Menu
- [x] Comments
  - [x] Disqus
  - [ ] FOSS Alternative?

## TODO

- [ ] Video library using the archetypes feature
- [x] Expose categories like America, Philosophy to navigation
- [ ] Create a better description of the website
- [ ] Get rid of the channels concept
- [ ] Expose sub categories, or is that just tags?

## Development

```
brew install hugo direnv
git clone git@github.com:dirkkelly/dirkkelly.git
cd dirkkelly
direnv allow
start
```

## Deployment

```
git push origin master:master
```

## Theme

### Author
**Mark Otto**
- <https://github.com/mdo>
- <https://twitter.com/mdo>

### Ported By
**Steve Francia**
- <https://github.com/spf13>
- <https://twitter.com/spf13>

## License

Open sourced under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).

<3

Commit message:

dirkkelly logo via rationalityrules, thanks steve

README.md, after:

# dirkkelly.com

## Goals

I want to learn Hugo better so I am creating my own theme using the Bootstrap 4 framework

- [x] Bootstrap 4
  - [x] Responsive
  - [x] Custom Theme CSS
- [ ] Multiple Layouts
  - [ ] Home
  - [ ] Articles
  - [ ] "Explore"
- [x] Menu
- [x] Comments
  - [x] Disqus
  - [ ] FOSS Alternative?

## TODO

### Engineering

- [ ] Video library using the archetypes feature
- [x] Expose categories like America, Philosophy to navigation
- [x] Set up dynamic navigation
- [ ] Get rid of the channels concept
- [ ] Expose sub categories, or is that just tags?
- [ ] Featured articles
- [ ] rewrite layout to not use head/foot pattern
- [ ] better home page
- [ ] some sort of content-summary panel?
- [ ] update to new logo
  - [ ] new new logo

### Marketing

- [ ] Create a better description of the website

## Development

```
brew install hugo direnv
git clone git@github.com:dirkkelly/dirkkelly.git
cd dirkkelly
direnv allow
start
```

## Deployment

```
git push origin master:master
```

## Theme

### Author
**Mark Otto**
- <https://github.com/mdo>
- <https://twitter.com/mdo>

### Ported By
**Steve Francia**
- <https://github.com/spf13>
- <https://twitter.com/spf13>

## License

Open sourced under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).

<3
