---
layout: post
title: The Grid #22393
---

Recently I was asked if every person who wants to build,
their own website should have to learn html rather than
a content management system (wordpress, drupal etc).

I proposed they should, I don't believe these systems give
users a useful interface to their content, the abstraction
to terms like Pages, Navigation, and Layouts can't be half
learnt.

So then how can someone publish their content online,
advertise their business or sell something they build if
the tools they have will ultimately engulf them in the
inherent complexity of programming.

I spend a lot of my time designing systems and algorithms
that will reduce the amount of work required by people
to complete tasks. Today I was presented with a system
that promises to do a part of what I do for a living.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OXA4-5x31V0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

An AI that builds websites...

I think that could absolutely work.

As such today I became a founding member of [thegrid.io](https://thegrid.io/#22393),
a system which looks to abstract the development side
of building a website to an algorithm.

Ultimately most people will not become web developers,
and while they just want their content online,
they shouldn't need to have the skills necessary to
organize and distribute it.

The Grid could be a solution, a sudo-artificial
intelligence system that understands the content
you give it and makes it relevant to your audience.

Of course I say this on the blog I run that is written
in raw code, which you can view [here](https://github.com/dirkkelly/dirkkelly.github.com/blob/69606ace6875ef6b29e11a93bc8d4346cd4c1da7/_layouts/post.html).

Websites should be built by those who understand how
websites should be built. Ever more computers are 
joining the ranks of those with the ability to
comprehend data and publish it online, and I welcome
them to the club.
