content/philosophy/jordan-shanks/the-world-doesnt-owe-you-anything.md, before:

---
date: 2018-01-02 00:00:00 +0000
title: The World Doesn't Owe You Anything!
subtitle: Jordan Shanks helping you, help your mindset.
type: media
tags:
- Philosophy
- Dirk Kelly
- Friendly Jordies
- Jordan Shanks
aliases:
- "/2018/01/02-the-world-doesnt-owe-you-anything/"

---
<!-- Welcome to the comments -->

[Jordan Shanks](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaoxFlhy4oGz3EvkTGhWvkA/feed) isn't the only wise and humble influence in my life, but he is the one who posts his thoughts to YouTube, however I only just stumbled on his Personal YouTube after being a subscriber to [Friendly Jordies](http://youtube.com/friendlyjordies) for about a year.

Before heading to sleep I got down some notes on [Get The Right Mindset](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYmw76TP6mw)

{{< youtube RYmw76TP6mw >}}

> The Reason You're Not Where You Want is You.

As I traveled back from Australia to Colorado today I was thinking about what it I want for the next year, and what I wish I didn't still have going into it.

> There's so many beings that actually are victims ... a pig in a slaughterhouse

> When I'm complaining on [Friendly Jordies](https://www.youtube.com/friendlyjordies) that's coming from a place of a Choice magazine type thing.

When I'm complaining about the world to people who will listen to me, that doesn't mean that I am not aware of where I am in this world.

> Look my life is going to be good regardless because I know the principles of self help.

Absolutely, I'm not talking about problems facing those who are suffering in the world because I am...

> I want people to have a better life, and if change the government it will be a better thing.

Exactly, I want them to be better off in the world, and I know that the way that they're kept where they are is through apathy (and systemic oppression, which generally is so crushing it causes apathy).

> I'm really really grateful that the worst thing that can happen to me on a daily basis is that the LNP gets in in Queensland.

I need to show the world that I am more grateful

> The world doesn't owe me anything<br/>
> - [Every little subscriber](https://www.youtube.com/friendlyjordies)<br/>
> - [Everyone who gives me Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/friendlyjordies) so I can pay my staff

I need to be more conscious of these success metrics, I've been letting things slip IRL

> Every morning I wake up in a haze of fear to say

Hey so do I!

> Steer the course my man

But I don't always remember to say that

> There's a lot of people who are alcoholics because they hate their life.

There's a lot of people who go to [Starbucks every morning and consume fistfuls of sugar](https://www.popsugar.com/fitness/Sugar-Starbucks-Drinks-40253291), [essentially turning off their brain](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/7nm0n8/study_suggests_sugar_coma_is_real_glucose/) so they can [get through their shitty job](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJW4-cOZt8A&t=5m2s)

[![Contrapoints, Capitalism, Shitty Jobs](/images/contrapoints/capitalism/shitty-jobs.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJW4-cOZt8A&t=5m2s)

> The world doesn't owe you anything<br/>
> Remember that<br/>
> It keeps you extremely humble and extremely grateful

Tomorrow I will spend my day being more grateful and more focused on the short, medium, and long term.

My reflection from 2017 is that I am getting where I need to be, but I'm not moving at the speed I could be, I'm allowing myself to be distracted, and I'm distracting myself so that I don't think about what needs to be done.

Jordan Shanks [you're a bloody legend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzN-X-haYa0&feature=youtu.be&t=3m5s).

![FriendlyJordies, RBT, Legend](/images/friendlyjordies/rbt/legend.png)

<!--

Some other screenshots

![FriendlyJordies, RBT, Dickhead](/images/friendlyjordies/rbt/dickhead.png)

![FriendlyJordies, RBT, Cop](/images/friendlyjordies/rbt/cop.png)

-->

Commit message:

publisher with tag on summary

content/philosophy/jordan-shanks/the-world-doesnt-owe-you-anything.md, after:

---
date: 2018-01-02 00:00:00 +0000
title: "The World Doesn't Owe You Anything!"
publisher: "Jordan Shanks"
subtitle: "An Internet legend from down under, helping you, help your mindset. Also me randomly commenting on his video."
videos:
  - slug: "RYmw76TP6mw"
    name: "Get The Right Mindset"
    channel: "Jordan Shanks"
type: media
layout: youtube
tags:
- Philosophy
- Jordan Shanks
- Friendly Jordies
- Dirk Kelly
- Australia
aliases:
- "/2018/01/02-the-world-doesnt-owe-you-anything/"
---
<!-- Welcome to the comments -->

Before heading to sleep I got down some notes on this video

[Jordan Shanks](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaoxFlhy4oGz3EvkTGhWvkA/feed) isn't the only wise and humble influence in my life, but he is the one who posts his thoughts to YouTube, however I only just stumbled on his Personal YouTube after being a subscriber to [Friendly Jordies](http://youtube.com/friendlyjordies) for about a year.

> The Reason You're Not Where You Want is You.

As I traveled back from Australia to Colorado today I was thinking about what it I want for the next year, and what I wish I didn't still have going into it.

> There's so many beings that actually are victims ... a pig in a slaughterhouse

> When I'm complaining on [Friendly Jordies](https://www.youtube.com/friendlyjordies) that's coming from a place of a Choice magazine type thing.

When I'm complaining about the world to people who will listen to me, that doesn't mean that I am not aware of where I am in this world.

> Look my life is going to be good regardless because I know the principles of self help.

Absolutely, I'm not talking about problems facing those who are suffering in the world because I am...

> I want people to have a better life, and if change the government it will be a better thing.

Exactly, I want them to be better off in the world, and I know that the way that they're kept where they are is through apathy (and systemic oppression, which generally is so crushing it causes apathy).

> I'm really really grateful that the worst thing that can happen to me on a daily basis is that the LNP gets in in Queensland.

I need to show the world that I am more grateful

> The world doesn't owe me anything<br/>
> - [Every little subscriber](https://www.youtube.com/friendlyjordies)<br/>
> - [Everyone who gives me Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/friendlyjordies) so I can pay my staff

I need to be more conscious of these success metrics, I've been letting things slip IRL

> Every morning I wake up in a haze of fear to say

Hey so do I!

> Steer the course my man

But I don't always remember to say that

> There's a lot of people who are alcoholics because they hate their life.

There's a lot of people who go to [Starbucks every morning and consume fistfuls of sugar](https://www.popsugar.com/fitness/Sugar-Starbucks-Drinks-40253291), [essentially turning off their brain](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/7nm0n8/study_suggests_sugar_coma_is_real_glucose/) so they can [get through their shitty job](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJW4-cOZt8A&t=5m2s)

[![Contrapoints, Capitalism, Shitty Jobs](/images/contrapoints/capitalism/shitty-jobs.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJW4-cOZt8A&t=5m2s)

> The world doesn't owe you anything<br/>
> Remember that<br/>
> It keeps you extremely humble and extremely grateful

Tomorrow I will spend my day being more grateful and more focused on the short, medium, and long term.

My reflection from 2017 is that I am getting where I need to be, but I'm not moving at the speed I could be, I'm allowing myself to be distracted, and I'm distracting myself so that I don't think about what needs to be done.

Jordan Shanks [you're a bloody legend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzN-X-haYa0&feature=youtu.be&t=3m5s).

![FriendlyJordies, RBT, Legend](/images/friendlyjordies/rbt/legend.png)

<!--

Some other screenshots

![FriendlyJordies, RBT, Dickhead](/images/friendlyjordies/rbt/dickhead.png)

![FriendlyJordies, RBT, Cop](/images/friendlyjordies/rbt/cop.png)

-->
